PROJECT NOT UNDER ACTIVE MANAGEMENT

This project will no longer be maintained by Intel.

Intel has ceased development and contributions including, but not limited to, maintenance, bug fixes, new releases, or updates, to this project.  

Intel no longer accepts patches to this project.

If you have an ongoing need to use this project, are interested in independently developing it, or would like to maintain patches for the open source software community, please create your own fork of this project.  

Contact: webadmin@linux.intel.com
# Istio APIs and Common Configuration Definitions

This repository defines component-level APIs and common configuration formats for the Istio
platform. These definitions are specified using the [protobuf](https://github.com/google/protobuf)
syntax.

This repository depends only on the [tools](https://github.com/istio/tools) repository for tools used during build. This repository *will not* depend on any
other repositories. Except for tools, all other Istio repositories can take a dependency on the api repository.

## API Guidelines

When making changes to the protos in this repository, your changes **must** comply with the [API guidelines](./GUIDELINES.md).

## Updating

After the [protobuf](https://github.com/google/protobuf) definitions
are updated, the corresponding `*pb.go`, `_pb2.py`, `*.json` and
Kubernetes Custom Resource Definition files must be
generated by running `make gen` and submitted as
part of the same PR as the updated definitions. Also `make
gen` will update the proto.lock file with new changes.

## Backwards Incompatible Changes

If a PR tries to make backwards incompatible changes, it will be
blocked by protolock. To force these changes in, install
[protolock](https://github.com/nilslice/protolock) and run
`protolock commit --force`.

You must include a note in your PR that you had to force the
protolock and why.
